everybody's cheering I'm back I just
want to talk a little bit more about
what's going on so we have a little bit
more updates about the character models
and as you can see ya they looked
incredibly better I still not really
sure about the no mails here for some
reason definitely better than it did
just not sure if I'm really a fan of it
like whatever it's not a big deal i
suppose what the main focus was it says
they wanted to keep the iconic features
so they wanted to make them look as
similar to what they look like now as
you can see with a gnome female I mean
it looks just like a right but like a
lot better I mean look at that that's
that's awesome i'm not even a gnome fan
and i'm jealous especially those eyes I
mean talk about a complete difference of
what they look like now it's just
beautiful comparatively like I said they
want to keep the kind of features
refined where necessary in the thigh the
rendering I mean just look at the
before-and-after folks I mean it's not
even close to being the same I don't
know why anyone would be kids character
models looking the new ones they're
beautiful they're great you know the
hair moves the face moves they have
whole new expressions the expressions
actually look like expressions look at
this undead now and later mostly I
realize like a new video game completely
different video game I mean I I don't
know I just think it's great what
they've done
it showed like a difference like the
polygons look at the look of the mesh
textures there look like difference the
gnome and look at the facial expressions
I mean it's is there going to be able to
to move their mouth correctly you know
they're gonna have T picking up tongues
they're gonna have actual you know faces
you know much like the ten Darren's do
old old dwarf yeah 1160 polygons dude
you are 700 sorry 7820 one so you're
talking about just look at that look at
the difference it's not any of the
comparison study the nowhere near the
same of course they are there are little
facial features which you can't really
tell she has a big old mustache in the
way but yeah door females they weren't
done yet I like them better for sure I
think they had a little more work but
the concept of in the left looks really
cool and I'd be excited if I was a door
female right now because I just looks a
lot better it works of course we've seen
a few times but you know it's it's just
showing though the newness of it the
smile of a gnome they made mention of
that because the smell in the game now
doesn't look anything like a smile again
the eyes are great little facial
expressions look at her the bottom right
when she's like we've got that please
look her skeptical look on her look she
doesn't know what to what to think just
awesome Torin now
Torin possibly later I mean I don't
leave I don't know they've done a great
job if they were worried about the
reaction that they were gonna get from
people then you know I understand that
in a way but man talk about talk about
they shouldn't know right i mean they've
done a great job i also want to touch on
the fact that they are gonna have capes
animate so they'll actually move and
they should look better because keeps
look horrible now their hair as a kind
of said earlier animates so it'll move
was they move I don't know I'm just
excited already about the art changes
but then say anything about blood elves
are dry and I finish all the races they
didn't did they it showed trolls yeah or
humans so they have somewhere to show I
heard someone said in the warlords of
Draenor our webpage they're not showing
blood elves or dry and I as a new custom
a new race character updates I hope
that's not true cuz I like blood elves
and Ryan I they're my two favorite races
and although they're not as bad as the
vanilla races they'd need help still
they would look they would look really
out of place so hopefully they do them
as well I guess we'll find out see for
ourselves but yeah quick little player
update you know a video as a guy who
loves character models who's actually
really interesting this topic I can't
wait to see more information as time
allows I think that you see more than
twenty-five percent done that they say
it took twenty five or thirty percent
done last time maybe they are if you've
structured all out I guess
percentage-wise maybe they're actually
being literal but I think they've done a
great job and you know they should be
proud of it so all right be back later
and I'm with more information
you